all right here are the Mega Bloks Marvel
Universe figures or Marvel figures from
Mega Bloks this is series 2 these are
the 5 figures that I picked up the blind
packets that I showed you guys in my
haul video I'm trying to do a quick
review right now as if that is even
possible with FX friends but anyway so
here they are I was right I actually
fingered the I mean not finger the
packets the III I sort of felt up the
there's really no way out of this I
tried to feel the packet with my fingers
whatever you guys know what I'm saying
anyway and and I got them all right I
did get what I want and I got Thor these
are a movie Thor with a movie Loki not
with me but movie Thor I got a movie
Loki I got a movie Captain America movie
and I think this is classics Red Skull
or a comic Red Skull and the uber rare
ultra rare comic I think that's the
first appearance Wolverine our classic
costume Wolverine so anyway um they're
very nice very very cool figures I
actually like them they're sort of like
a lego meets mini mates types of type of
figures and each one comes with a I was
about to say Lego brick but it's a mega
block brick which is color-coded or sort
of color theme to match each of the
characters Red Skull has red wool
written as yellow a camera I guess blue
and so on it's nice they fit well with
leading brands like Lego or krios and
each of the figure has basic
articulations got a ball jointed neck
ball jointed shoulder hinge elbow oops
sorry
hinge elbow swivel wrist swivel waist a
swivel crotch which is kind of weird and
ball jointed hips hinge knees and that's
about it
and they peg the soldiers their feet
that peg into those
pegs on the brick so they're very very
cool
they're all painted very well if at all
there would I'd have any comments about
them is that the I think Mega Bloks
needs to invest in painting the faces
better excuse me if I can see if I can
focus it as you can see come on focus
now there we go
the eyes are just painted like just
Beedie Beedie I paint work on that it's
like they're all dots like dots on white
eyeballs like as you can this one is
okay cuz he's a red skull but even
Wolverines fine there's no dot on that
but take a look at Thor and Loki because
that looks so weird I think um the body
sculpts are great they're they're
painted very well but I think the face
paints that the paint apps on the faces
I think Mega Bloks Mega Bloks needs to
invest in in painting them well enough
just like um the mini mates but overall
the the figures are done very well here
is Loki as you can see he's got very
nice sculpted helmet he's got his spear
forgot the name of his susceptor or
spear spear of power or whatever and
very nice just fantastic a fantastic
looking figure like right there Loki
again showing you off Thor very nice
just as a goofy looking face but the
whole body sculpt so accurate of them
while not accurate but a good
representation of the movie there we
have Captain America very cool his
shield is removable and you can hold it
in you know having hold it here or here
and I'm not gonna show it now but you
can get the idea the shield pegs onto
the back that tag hole right there so
very very cool you can store the shield
at the back again red skull he comes
with this trademark pistol very cool
their shiny head right there and I think
this is the classics because the movie
version has in all black pants and
finally the ultra rare Wolverine I don't
why they made this guy very rare but
he's holding his claws yep just like the
Wolverine in the x-men figure but very
nice very well sculpted and painted
absolutely love the detail on these
things I didn't really think I would
like like these figures but they turned
out great and now I'm pretty glad I
actually picked them up I'm trying to
see if I'm gonna pick up some more or
just wait for series 3 to actually hit
the retail stores in Manila and here's
the rest of the wave each one comes with
this as you can see Wolverine is color
coded red which means ultra rare figure
the orange ones like the ground assault
drone red skull
mark 5 whiplash it got America they're
very they're common and Thor and Loki at
both of yellow dots which means they're
rare so pretty cool not interested in
the rest
maybe the ground assault your own but
whiplash and Iron Man mark 5 definitely
not picking those up maybe I think I'll
pass
it's probably just wait for wave 3 see
if I can still catch any of the wave 1
figures they're still out there
so anyway short and sweet review of 5
new figures first time I've ever
collected these Mega Bloks figures no
actually second time the first ones are
the I have the sets of the war machine
the Iron Man 2 war machine and mark 6 I
think those are sets that come with
vehicles I have not built them yet but
those were the first ones actually tried
out for Mega Bloks I'll make sure to do
a review of them once I actually get
getting around to building there you go
folks I hope you liked this video sorry
for the quick and dirty style of
reviewing this but I just couldn't I was
too lazy to transfer to my review spot
there you go folks
the
Mega Bloks Marvel figures from series 2
featuring Thor Loki Captain America Iron
Man Red Skull and Wolverine thanks for
watching